- Ryo Readme -


  = Q & A =


 Q : Why Ryo? 

 A : Ryo is yet another decent SNK character I can tackle. Now that I've gotten used to the whole SNK side, I can
     definitely branch out onto other franchises.


 Q : What's his playstyle like?

 A : Ryo plays mainly like his CvS2 appearance, however there are some KOF elements in his mobility, frame data,
     hitboxes, etc.


 Q : How do you play Ryo?

 A : Ryo plays like any average shoto. He has a fireball, a DP, and a horizontal kick move. He has a lot more tools
     than the average shoto, however. His aerial Hien Shippuu Kyaku works as a decent jump in. His Moko Raijinsetsu
     chop can easily work as an air-to-air, however it is easily reactible. His DPs can actually link into followups,
     and this is particularly useful for Super confirms. Once Ryo lands a DP, the user can buffer a Haoh Shokoken, or
     a Ryuko Ranbu, and the move will hit. Ryo is definitely reliant on his combos, and his high execution juggles can
     do some heavy damage. However, in terms of mobility, Ryo is lacking in that area. He can use moves like standing
     HP or standing MK to keep a good neutral game, since those are his only two normals with good range and frame data.
     Other that that however, he is quite sluggish, but in return he has incredibly high damaging combos. So while at
     longer ranges, Ryo is weaker, but if you manage to close the gap, he has plenty of tools to dish some serious damage.


 Q : How does Mr. Karate II work?

 A : Mr. Karate II is Ryo but a million times better. The mobility that Ryo didn't have is present in Karate II, as his
     movement is just so much faster than Ryo. Mr. Karate II also keeps Ryo's incredible juggles and then some. His damage
     scaling is slightly increased, but the amount of creative combos that Karate II can do is beyond basic. He gains a 
     new special move in the Kyokugenryu Renbuken. This move thrown out raw isn't exactly the best move, since the recovery
     times are a bit much, however this move is incredible for combo enders and extenders, since Ryo can juggle off of this
     move. Most of his other specials become different too. His Ko'oken is an actual projectile other than a short ranged 
     blast. His DP can juggle into more moves than normal Ryo, and his Hien Shippuu Kyaku also has more juggling ability.
     His EX Hien Shippuu Kyaku actually causes wall bounce instead of getting a free DP or super in as seen in normal Ryo.
     Not only does Mr. Karate II have insane movement and good combos, his supers are also modified. His Haoh Shokoken is
     much taller, meaning it works as a fail-proof anti-air, unless it's blocked. His Ryuko Ranbu is taken from Mr. Karate's,
     and deals a lot more damage. He also gets a raging storm and deadly rave, and his Ichigeki Hissatsu becomes a counter.
     Mr. Karate II plays well in the offensive end, and lacks a bit on defense.


  = BEGINNER COMBOS =

 cr.LP xx cr.LP xx cr.LK xx Hien Shippuu Kyaku

 cr.MP, cr.LK xx Ko'oken

 HP xx LP.Kohou, Ryuko Ranbu

 HP xx EX.Ko'oken, Dash Super Jump, a.HK xx Aerial Hien Shippuu Kyaku

 cr.LP xx cr.LK xx EX Ko'oken, Moko Raijinsetsu


  = CUSTOM COMBOS =

 AHK, Install, repeat (HP), Ryuko Ranbu

 AHK, Install, repeat (Hien Shippuu Kyaku), Ryuko Ranbu


 = CREDITS =

  Ryu from the Streets(TM) - SFF

  Trololo - Feedback